

Once upon a time


The meanest professor ever insisted his class learn to use GIT as a practical tool of collaborative software development
He decided the class lacked the necessary GIT kung fu skills; so he made them keep redoing the GIT exercise EVERY WEEK until the 60 students were capable of successful collaboration.
The professor, master of computer programming, was able to tell that something with the project went wrong just by smelling it.
Together, the students, TA's, and professor, with determination and boldness, overcame the obstacles and pushed towards the goal.
To boost the students' motivation, The mean professor summoned a wizard with a pet dragon.
Linus decide to transform into the Beast of Exmoor in mid-air knowing he would land on his feet.
The dragon was a beautiful beast and had an addiction to Big Macs.
The wizard rode his pet dragon off into the distance.
(But it wasn't really a dragon; it was Linus Torvald, who, of course, is a shape-shifter.)
To the mystical land of git-a-nova, to meet the git master Gitzilla.
The Gitzilla agrees to turn him into a git master.
For the price that the student would have to work on GIT during a game day if he was lazy
The programmers took offense to the word lazy, even though they were doing this at the last minute (but only this time, promise).
So they rallied, in an attempt to show their professor that they were, in fact, the best students he'd ever have. Better even than the beast of Dartmoor!The inexperienced student began honing his git kung fu skills
He would not rest until he had mastered the ways of git
To do this, he would have to tap into the mindset of the Beast of Burco.
Once he mastered the skills, he decided it was time to git it over with.
He fought Git Almas, the Git Beast of Dartmoor, and even the Git Brosno Dragon.
Then the professor said "Git out of here you silly programmers!"
Everyone ruined their weekend by learning to Git better at collaboration
Except for the mythical eastern cougar named Sami, she loved Git more than anything in the entire world.
However, Sami's love of git drove her insane.

Then there was mass amounts of confusion when the molerat showed up!
So insane, infact, she tried to befriend the Ahool.
The elephant thought he could fight John Cena.
The professor was amused by his handiwork.
The Ahool hooted praise to the wizard for his new Git knowledge.
The Bear Lake Monster splashed his fins in agreement.
He then used the other fin to hit the nae nae.
However, the village people were not amused.
Bigfoot couldn't stop talking about how he likes to push and bash.
But then comes along the Devil Bird and says lets git down to business
Then Bigfoot and the Devil Bird start singing "Let it go" from Frozen.
Followed by rendition of Dont Stop Til You Git Enough
The Devil Bird began to git tired of all the git jokes.
But Linus brashly tells them to shut up (in typical Linus fashion).
Upset at the intrusion, Bigfoot threw a Sea Serpent at Linus.

Everything seemed to calm down after the calamity.
Linus's love of C protected him from the Python attack.  He retorted by calling Bigfoot a Skunk Ape.
The Como Lake Monster appeared suddenly bearing cannolis.
Unfortunately, they were soggy since he lives in a lake......duh.
The fire ninja called his master.
His master arrived on the mystical cloud.
The elephant was very very wrong.
Sensi SSH warned his protege about summoning him without his keys.
However the ninja begged his sensi to toast his cannolis.
Sensi SSH unfortunately responded "ssh: Could not resolve toast."
The ninja realized the error of his ways and new that he needed his keys to toast those cannolis.
The Kraken waited in the sea for a large boat to come by that it could destroy.
The Missouri Monster, Momo, would destroy the Jayhawk's pride.
The cannolis then turned into Beast of Dean from the toast.
Boy was the ninja terrified.Momo then went after the Beast of Dean for a final showdown
Before they could start, the evil professor jumped in
the ninja came, if i spelled correctly.
killed a ninja. if already exists one. 
Linus Torvald was a mothman.
In the sense that he always flocks to the nearest lightbulb in the room.  His coworkers find it both disturbing, yet endearing at the same time.
A ninja killed another ninja.
And then the world exploded 
But another ninja rebuilt it in 42 minutes and it was okay although everyone had a headache.It appered as though every student had become infected with the Git-aches!
The only cure for the Git-aches is distilled from the blood of a specifi Buru, called the Aunt Buru.
Luckily the Wendigo came and sprinkled fairy dust to end the Git-aches.
The pixie dust turned the world into a utopia with the Ogopogo as the master protector.
The Ogopogo was a great master protector.
Everyone loved him-including the Jackalopes.
But the Ghost Deer loved him most of all.
But not even the Deer Lord could save them all
It was all downhill from there.
He was praying for the sweet gift of death.
But out of no where comes Manipogo to the rescue.
Manipogo is Ogopogo long lost brother.
Minipogo Reaches into his Magical Wizard Hat and Pulls out all his Knowledge of Git!!
Waving his wand, Most of the people infected with Git-Aches were cured! But not all...
The Pygmy Gorilla stalks silently in the darkness,
But always from atop the back of the great and powerful Pygmy Elephant, they are an unstoppable Pygmy team!
The pygmys were not cured of their git-headaches though....the Big Mac's from the dragon were killing them.
The Yeti figured he could help, except he had one fatal flaw. He could never completely finish hisThe great Dungen Master Insisted None of that would happen /nThey all tried to escape his clutches /nThen the Bear Lake Monster came with 10 hambergers from steak and shake.
He decided to share half of them with big foot because they're best friends.
After the end of World War II, the world was split into two, East and West
This marked the beginning of the era called the Cold War
dec5x8 didn't have a sentence file...
...So I made this one.
This was a dark era that gave rise to the empire of the Devil Birds.
Thankfully, the world was graced with a savior by the name of Momo the Monster.
Momo was a primate-like creature, and he had many mysterious friends.
Momo finally faced the Wizards
When the witches came through the Clouds
To finally take down Momo and wizards when they were weak from fighting each other.
Now that Momo the Missouri monster is defeated, there is no need for Missouri
The Arts and Science building fell catastrophically. No one really missed it though.
But the Engineering buildings held strong!
Because they were very structurally sound. I mean c'mon. They're engineers...
As the dust was settling, however, a new threat emerged.

Two fierce hellhounds broke from the depths to consume this world!
The hellhounds showed no mercy, and within moments the Journalism School was destroyed. Poor things.

The end. 


